# Pack 306 News #
2019-02-06

This week will not be a normal meeting, all dens will meet for a movie and pinewood derby car cutting.

## Movie Night / Pinewood Derby Shapping ##
In the Tiger room we will be showing the Cars movie. While the movie is playing we will call in small groups of scouts to the scout room to have their cars cut and shapped by one of the bandsaw operatores. We will have two bandsaws in use to make this years cuttings go by faster. When your done, you can return to the movie.

Be sure to have a design in mind before you show up. Draw on the block the shape you want cut out with a pencil.


* [General Info On the Race](https://cub306.org/events/2018_2019/pinewood-derby/)
* [Rules](https://cub306.org/events/2018_2019/pinewood-derby/rules.md)
* Email [Thomas Cherry](mailto:cubmaster@cub306.org?subject=Pinewood%Derby%Questions) if you have any questions

## Jackson Seagroves Eagle Project Fundraiser ##
This Wednesday (2019-02-06) is also Jackson Seagroves Eagle Project Fundraiser at Peace a Pizza from 4 to 8 PM please stop by before the pack meeting and support Jackson for his project.

## Scout Sunday ##
2019-02-10 - Scout Sunday is an opportunity to spotlight the Troop and Cub Scout Pack to the surrounding community and allow the Scouts to give thanks to Catonsville Presbyterian for their continued support. 

Church services begin at 10:30am, so we ask that scouts and family arrive no later than 10:15am. Some cubs and scouts will serve as ushers.

Scouts are to wear their full class A-uniform: sash, green pants and class A-shirts

Both the cub pack and troop are providing refreshments to the parishoners. Scouts are asked to bring finger-like desserts (ex. cookies, brownies, munchkins, etc). Because Scout Sunday is right before Valentine's Day, themed desserts are welcomed. 

I believe all ranks have some level of “Duty to God” advancement requirement that attendance at this service will help complete.  

Please let [Melissa Cherry](mailto:comchair@cub306.org?subject=Scout%20Sunday) know if you plan to attend.  

## Past Announcements ##
* [https://cub306.org/announcements/](https://cub306.org/announcements/)
