# Pack Announcements #
2019-01-09 - Tigers and Lions will switch rooms. This means Tigers will be in the gym and Lions in the first class room.

## Popcorn sales ##
We have managed to make our target numbers for popcorn sales. Through everyone's hardwork we sold far more popcorn then ever before. In fact we crossed the `$10k` sales goal and as such we will be working out the details of throwing a movie party for everyone. If you have some ideas this weeks parent meeting would be a great place to voice them.

## Baltimore Blast ##
We've had some great interest in the January 19, 2019 Blast Scout Game, which i'm really looking forward to.  

This is a final reminder that anyone in the Pack that is interested in going to the needs to get me money tomorrow night (2019/01/09). The tickets are `$19` each.   

The tigers will be doing some activities in the gym, or in our classroom so you can find us there.  I will also try to stick around a little bit afterward to make it more convenient.  

If you can't make it tonight, let me know and we can work out alternate payment arrangements. For more information see:

`https://develop.cub306.org/events/2018_2019/baltimore_blast/`

## Snow Tubing ##
Snow Tubing. The annual snow tubing trip has been scheduled for Sunday, February 3, 2019 at Ski Roundtop.  You will need to arrive at Ski Roundtop by 10am. Discounted snow tubing tickets are priced at `$31` per person and include unlimited snow tubing until the resort closes at 10pm.

There is also the option for a `$10` per person meal ticket for one of the following three meals:

Super Saver Meal Ticket - $10/person

* Pizza Meal – 2 slices pizza, chips, cookie and a 16oz drink. 
* Burger Boat Meal – cheeseburger or hot dog w/ fries, cookie and a 16oz drink.
* Chicken Tender Meal – chicken tenders w/ fries, cookie and a 16oz drink.  

Wil Heslop will be stopping by den meetings to discuss this trip and payment options.  You may also e-mail camping@cub306.org or sign up on the signup sheet at:

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1mbPPm1qOfkD8pnKvjDAMTxh-CCwzPXLn2k-dYE0mZyo