# 2019-11-20 - Pack Meeting
Due to Thanksgiving the Pack Meeting will not be the last week of the month, but this week. The format for the meeting will be a different as well as the meeting will be run by the Wolf Den. Should be very exciting!

# Up coming events:

## 2019-11-26 - Phone Tree Test
Before the festive holiday weather gets a hold on us (snow and ice) we would like to test out a "phone tree" based announcement. We plan to give everyone a call the day before the Laser Tag event as a reminder of the event. The real reason for the call however is make sure we can communicate out quickly when ice and snow require us to cancel a meeting. At our Pack meeting you can check with your den leader to make sure they have a valid phone number for you or you can wait and see If you get a call on the 26th. Any problems and you can email the [CubMaster@Cub306.org](mailto:cubmaster@cub306.org?subject=Phone+Tree).

## 2019-11-27 - Cub Scout Laser Tag
This has been an annual tradition for several years where we found that the pack meeting would end up with very low attendance just before Thanksgiving. Instead, we coordinate a discounted Laser Tag session at Eastpoint Mall! Ultrazone Laser Tag is in the basement of the mall under the food court. Cost is `$12.09` per person, including Baltimore County Amusement Tax. There are arcade games as well, so if you want to bring some extra money during resets between rounds, feel free. For more info send an email to: [Wil](mailto:camping@cub306.org?subject=Scouts+With+Lasers)

* **When**: November 27 - 4:00 to 9:00
* **Where**: Eastpoint Mall, 7839 Eastpoint Mall, Baltimore, MD 21224

## 2019-11-30 - Service Project & Popcorn Sales

### Service Project
On the 30th is our annual outdoor service project benefiting our Chartered Organization the Catonsville Presbyterian Church. We help them with the ongoing effort of reclaiming the field behind the Church. Attending counts towards a service project for those who need one. Bring gloves and racks.

* **When**: November 30 - 9:00 to 11:30
* **Where**: Catonsville Presbyterian Church

### Tree / Popcorn Sales
Also on this day the Boy Scouts start selling their Christmas Trees, a Catonsville Tradition. We asked if we could setup a booth next to them to sell some popcorn and they agreed. We also think it is a great way for the Cub Scouts, and especially the Webelos, to get to know the older Scouts and their traditions. We highly encourage scouts to signup for a shift with [popcorn@cub306.org](mailto:popcorn@cub306.org?subject=Popcorn+Tree+Shift) or by logging into the Trail's End app.

* **When**:November 30 & December 1 - 12:00 to 4:30
* **Where**: Catonsville Presbyterian Church - Tree Stand
