# 2019-11-30 - Service Project & Popcorn Sales

Laser Tag was great, hope everyone had a great Thanksgiving. We just wanted to reach out one last time this week and let everyone know about the events this weekend.


## Service Project
On the 30th is our annual outdoor service project benefiting our Chartered Organization the Catonsville Presbyterian Church. We help them with the ongoing effort of reclaiming the field behind the Church. Attending counts towards a service project for those who need one. Bring gloves and racks.

* **When**: November 30 - 9:00 to 11:30
* **Where**: Catonsville Presbyterian Church

## Tree / Popcorn Sales
Also on this day the Boy Scouts start selling their Christmas Trees, a long standing Catonsville Tradition. The Pack will be setting up a booth next to them to sell popcorn. We also think it is a great way for the Cub Scouts, **and especially the Webelos**, to get to know the older Scouts and their traditions. We highly encourage scouts to signup for a shift with [popcorn@cub306.org](mailto:popcorn@cub306.org?subject=Popcorn+Tree+Shift) or by logging into the Trail's End app. We don't need many, in fact we only need two scouts per shift, lease look below and the open shifts.

**Please use the Tails End app to signup for one of three shift:**

* Saturday
    * 12:00 - 1:30 : **Open**
    * 1:30 - 3:00 : Half full
    * 3:00 - 4:30 : **Open**
* Sunday
    * 12:00 - 2:00 : Half full
    * ~~2:00 - 4:00 : Full~~
    * 4:00 - 6:00 : Half Full

Details:

* **When**: November 30 12:00 to 4:30 & December 1 - 12:00 to 6:00
* **Where**: Catonsville Presbyterian Church - Tree Stand
