# Den Meetings - 2019-11-13
Normal Den meetings this week. Below are the upcoming events for this month.

## 2019-11-20 - Pack Meeting
Due to Thanksgiving the Pack Meeting will not be the last week of the month, but a week early.

## 2019-11-27 - Cub Scout Laser Tag
This has been an annual tradition for several years where we found that the pack meeting would end up with very low attendance just before Thanksgiving. Instead, we coordinate a discounted Laser Tag session at Eastpoint Mall! Ultrazone Laser Tag is in the basement of the mall under the food court. Cost is `$12.09` per person, including Baltimore County Amusement Tax. There are arcade games as well, so if you want to bring some extra money during resets between rounds, feel free.

* **When**: November 27
* **Where**: Eastpoint Mall, 7839 Eastpoint Mall, Baltimore, MD 21224

For more info: [CubMaster@Cub306.org](mailto:cubmaster@cub306.org?subject=Laser+Tag)

## 2019-11-30 - Service Project & Popcorn Sales

### Service Project
On the 30th is our annual outdoor service project benefiting our Chartered Organization the Catonsville Presbyterian Church. We help them with the ongoing effort of reclaiming the field behind the Church. Attending counts towards a service project for those who need one. Bring gloves and racks. We normally show up in the morning from 9:00 to 11:00 but we are trying to nail down exactly when the organizers of the event would like to see us, so stay tuned.

### Tree / Popcorn Sales
Also on this day the Boy Scouts start selling their Christmas Trees, a Catonsville Tradition. We asked if we could setup a booth next to them to sell some popcorn and they agreed. We also think it is a great way for the Cub Scouts, and especially the Webelos, to get to know the older Scouts and their traditions. We highly encourage scouts to signup for a shift with [popcorn@cub306.org](mailto:popcorn@cub306.org?subject=Popcorn+Tree+Shift).