# 2019-11-27 - Lazer Tag Meeting
**NOTE:** Due to the Thanksgiving, there will be no Meeting, instead we will be meeting at the Eastpoint Mall Ultrazone Lazer Tag. Details below.

# Up coming events:

## 2019-11-26 - Phone Tree Test
We will be calling everyone Tuesday night to test out our phone tree before the weather gets bad this winter. If you don't get a call please let your Den Leader know or the Cub Master. Questions can be sent to the [CubMaster@Cub306.org](mailto:cubmaster@cub306.org?subject=Phone+Tree).

## 2019-11-27 - Cub Scout Laser Tag
This has been an annual tradition for several years where we found that the pack meeting would end up with very low attendance just before Thanksgiving. Instead, we coordinate a discounted Laser Tag session at Eastpoint Mall! Ultrazone Laser Tag is in the basement of the mall under the food court. Cost is `$12.09` per person, including Baltimore County Amusement Tax. There are arcade games as well, so if you want to bring some extra money during resets between rounds, feel free. For more info send an email to: [Wil](mailto:camping@cub306.org?subject=Scouts+With+Lasers)

* **When**: November 27 - 4:00 to 9:00
* **Where**: Eastpoint Mall, 7839 Eastpoint Mall, Baltimore, MD 21224

## 2019-11-30 - Service Project & Popcorn Sales

### Service Project
On the 30th is our annual outdoor service project benefiting our Chartered Organization the Catonsville Presbyterian Church. We help them with the ongoing effort of reclaiming the field behind the Church. Attending counts towards a service project for those who need one. Bring gloves and racks.

* **When**: November 30 - 9:00 to 11:30
* **Where**: Catonsville Presbyterian Church

### Tree / Popcorn Sales
Also on this day the Boy Scouts start selling their Christmas Trees, a long standing Catonsville Tradition. The Pack will be setting up a booth next to them to sell popcorn. We also think it is a great way for the Cub Scouts, and especially the **Webelos**, to get to know the older Scouts and their traditions. We highly encourage scouts to signup for a shift with [popcorn@cub306.org](mailto:popcorn@cub306.org?subject=Popcorn+Tree+Shift) or by logging into the Trail's End app.

**Please use the Tails End app to signup for one of three shift:**

* 12:00 - 1:30 : Open
* 1:30 - 3:00 : Half full (need just one more scout)
* 3:00 - 4:30 : Open

Details:

* **When**:November 30 & December 1 - 12:00 to 4:30
* **Where**: Catonsville Presbyterian Church - Tree Stand
