# 2020-01-29 - Pack Meeting
Pack Meeting - with a pie in the face

This months meeting we will have some normal things, like awards and flag ceremonies, however, we will end with our traditional Pie-a-leaders-face for the top popcorn sellers. Should be a lot of fun for some.

There are a handful of scouts who still need to make a prize selection. If your scout has not made their selection then please see [Tracy](mailto:popcorn@cub306.org) at the pack meeting.

## Up coming events:

### 2020-02-02 - Cub Scout Snow Tubing
Our annual snow tubing trip has been scheduled for Sunday, February 2, 2020 and will be at Ski Roundtop. You will need to arrive at Ski Roundtop by 9am. You can still sign up and pay at the January pack meeting, 29th.

* **When**: February 02
* **What**: [Event Details Page](http://cub306.org/events/2019-2020/snowtubing/)
* **Where**: [Google Map](https://www.google.com/maps/place/925+Roundtop+Rd,+Lewisberry,+PA+17339)
* **Who**: [Wil Heslop](mailto:camping@306.org)

### 2020-02-05 - Second PineWood Derby Cutting Night
The second and final night to get your Pinewood derby cut with a band saw will be February 5th. Please have your designs in hand by drawing in pencil on the block itself. Be prepared to have a second plan or be willing to modify the design if the bandsaw operator can not perform the cut.

* **When**: February 5th.
* **Where**: Webelos 1 scout room
* **What**: [Pinewood Derby Event Page](https://cub306.org/events/2019-2020/pinewood-derby/)
* **Who**: [Thomas Cherry](mailto:cubmaster@306.org)

### 2020-02-10 - Scout Sunday

February 10 is Scout Sunday, an opportunity for scouts to perform a service. Attend CPC in *full uniform* and assist by handing out bulletins in the sanctuary. For more info email [Melissa Cherry](mailto:cub306.org?subject=Scout%20Sunday).

* **When**: February 10
* **Where**: Catonsville Presbyterian Church
* **Who**: [Melissa Cherry](mailto:cub306.org?subject=Scout%20Sunday)

### Canceled - Klondike Derby 

The Klondike Derby date was changed due to rain and is now going to be February 22 which is the date of our Pinewood Derby so we will not be able to attend the rain date.
