# 2020-01-22 - Pack Meeting
Not a normal meeting by a long shot!

## NOVA Night Pack Meeting
Dens will all meet together to learn about the NOVA of delivering supplies via air drop.  Then we'll practice by dropping our own eggs, protected by systems our own scouts design. We are repurposes our pack meeting for the event!

* **When**: January 22
* **Where**: Fellowship Hall
* **Contact**: [Eric Silva](mailto:bear1@cub306.org?subject=Stem+Night)

## PineWood Derby Cutting Night

[Pinewood Derby Event Page](/events/2019-2020/pinewood-derby/).

While scouts are participating in NOVA night, parents can stop by and get cars cut if the scout has draw their design on the block. Scouts can also stop by after the Nova event. Some of us will be around early  (6:45) and some will stay till 8:30. If your scout is having way too much fun with NOVA, not to worry we will have a second cutting night on February the 5th, don't feel like you have to do everything in one night.

Note to wood workers: While we will have some bandsaws, if you want experience (and maybe an excuse to use a bandsaw or belt sander) the contact cubmaster@cub306.org.

## Up coming events:
### 2020-01-25 - Klondike Derby

Cub Scout Trail:  Cub Scouts will learn about the 1898 Klondike Gold Rush while having fun and playing games!   The Cub Scout Klondike trail is an outdoor trail activity approximately 1.5 miles long and is intended for Lions, Tigers, Wolves, Bears, and first year Webelos.

* **When**:   Saturday, January 25, 2020 - 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM on the Cub Scout Trail
* **Where**:  McKeldin Area of Patapsco State Park
* **Cost**: Cub Scouts `$15.00`, BSA Registered Adults `$0.00`, Non BSA Adults `$5.00`
* **Contact**: [Melissa Cherry](mailto:comchair@cub306.org?subject=Klondike+info)
* For more info see [this](http://www.baltimorebsa.org/event/2586120).


### 2020-01-25 - Baltimore Blast Scout Night
Baltimore Blast vs San Diego Sockers Free Scout Patch for all Scouts.
We need to put our order in by January 21, so if your interested please contact Greg Emeric

* **Cost**: First Scout, with paying adult is free, Adults and additional scouts are `$21`
* **When**: January 25th @ 6:05 PM
* **Where**: SECU Arena
* **Contact**: [Gregory Emrick](mailto:emrickg@gmail.com?subject=Baltimore+Blast)
* **Info**: [Event Flyer](https://cub306.org/events/2019-2020/2020-01-25_Baltimore_Blast_Scout_Night.pdf)
