# 2020-01-15 - Den Meetings
Regular dens meetings.

There is a fund raising event at Peace of Pizza tomorrow to help generate money for the clothing drive being run by one of the Scouts working on his Eagle Project. 

Details:
http://cub306.org/blog/calendar-2019-12-16-to-2020-01-16.md

# Up coming events:

## 2020-01-22 - NOVA Night Pack Meeting
Dens will all meet together to learn about the NOVA of delivering supplies via air drop.  Then we'll practice by dropping our own eggs, protected by systems our own scouts design.

* **When**: January 22
* **Where**: Fellowship Hall
* **Contact**: [Eric Silva](mailto:bear1@cub306.org?subject=Stem+Night)

## 2020-01-25 - Klondike Derby

Cub Scout Trail:  Cub Scouts will learn about the 1898 Klondike Gold Rush while having fun and playing games!   The Cub Scout Klondike trail is an outdoor trail activity approximately 1.5 miles long and is intended for Lions, Tigers, Wolves, Bears, and first year Webelos.

* **When**:   Saturday, January 25, 2020 - 8:30 AM to 12:30 PM on the Cub Scout Trail
* **Where**:  McKeldin Area of Patapsco State Park
* **Cost**: Cub Scouts `$15.00`, BSA Registered Adults `$0.00`, Non BSA Adults `$5.00`
* **Contact**: [Melissa Cherry](mailto:comchair@cub306.org?subject=Klondike+info)
* For more info see [this](http://www.baltimorebsa.org/event/2586120).


## 2020-01-25 - Baltimore Blast Scout Night
Baltimore Blast vs San Diego Sockers Free Scout Patch for all Scouts.
We need to put our order in by January 21, so if your interested please contact Greg Emeric

* **Cost**: First Scout, with paying adult is free, Adults and additional scouts are `$21`
* **When**: January 25th @ 6:05 PM
* **Where**: SECU Arena
* **Contact**: [Gregory Emrick](mailto:emrickg@gmail.com?subject=Baltimore+Blast)
* **Info**: [Event Flyer](https://cub306.org/events/2019-2020/2020-01-25_Baltimore_Blast_Scout_Night.pdf)

# Other news
Non-Pack Announcements

## Men's Clothing Drive from Dec. 19 to Jan. 15

Suit Up for Eric Loewner’s Eagle Scout Project to Benefit Helping Up Mission.

Starting Thursday, December 19 and continuing through Thursday, January 16 there will be a collection box in the Scout Room to collect men's suits, ties, dress shirts, dress pants, suit and sport jackets.  The clothing articles should be in good condition, current styles, no stains or tears, no missing buttons, and the zippers must work.

* **Where**: Drop off cloths to a box in the scout room
* **Who**: Eric Loewner, contact through [Mike McDonal](mailto:sixpalms@aol.com)
* **When**: 2019-12-19 to 2020-01-15
* **What**: [Project Details](http://cub306.org/events/2019-2020/winter_clothing_drive.md)