## Pack Announcements ##

Meeting will be 2018-09-19 from 7:00-8:00. Our meeting rooms should be back to normal for those who are returning. Bears can try to use the front door but it has been sticking lately, so you may need to go through the Scout door.

### Lions ###

We have a NEW Den, the Lions. This den is for kindergarten aged kids and will be lead by Katherine Peach (email: lion@cub306.org). Lions meet once a month starting this Wednesday the 19. Subsequent meetings will be determined by the Katherine and the parents and will be posted at https://cub306.org/dens/lion/ as well as announced here.

### Books ###

We have books to distribute out to people who have registered and have requested one.

### Family Campout ###

Our camping coordinator Wil Heslop (email: camping@cub306.org) is putting the final touches to the schedule and menu for the family campout. Last years "pot-luck" style worked out pretty well so we will try it again. Expect a "google sheets" link soon for sining up. This year we are changing the days, camping from Saturday to Sunday to allow for more day time adventures such as more hikes, more running, and by all means noise!

* When : 2018-10-13
* Where : Hilton Area @ the Patapsco State Park
 
### Other Events ###

Other scouting adventures:

#### Jamboree on the air ####

Over a million Scouts from around the world participate in this 72 hour Annual World Jamboree.  This will be the sixth year Arrowhead District has held this event.  The Scouts that have participated have spoken to other Scouts from over 100 countries.  All registered Scouts will receive the 2018 World Jamboree Patch for completing their session.

* 61st Jamboree on the Air / 22nd Jamboree on the Internet Aboard the N.S. Savannah
* Saturday, 20 October, 2018
* http://www.baltimorebsa.org/event/61th-jamboree-on-the-air-jota-22nd-jamboree-on-the-internet-joti/2415159

#### Wildflower Walk ####

Have you ever noticed that the landscape and plants look different at Soldiers Delight? Join a naturalist on a 2 mile hike along the Serpentine Trail to learn about the serpentine ecosystem and to look for native wildflowers. Wear hiking shoes and bring plenty of water. Dogs are welcome on a leash. 

* When : Sunday, September 23 9:00 - 11:00 AM - Shine only
* Where : Soldiers Delight Visitor Center
* Ages : 8 & up. 

## End of Line ##

You made it to the end of the email!

