# Pack News #
2019-02-27

This weeks meeting will be a Pack meeting.
No meeting on the 6th as it is Ash Wednesday.

## Pinewood Derby ##
I would like to thank everyon who helped put together and pull off the Pinewood derby this weekend. To the parents who helped out in the pit area, the ones who brought snacks, and the others who helped setup and cleanup, thanks. The scouts had a lot of fun and I hope you did as well. Also, attached is the race results if anyone is interested.

[Race results](Derby-results-2019.pdf)

## Blue and Gold ##
The Blue and Gold dinner is this March on the 23rd. The event is when Cub Scouts celebrate the anniversary of Scouting with a "birthday party" / banquet.

This event is also when we "bridge" our Webelos 2 Scouts to Boy Scouts. 

As we have done in the past we will be holding a pot luck dinner. The Cub master is cordinatoring meals and attendence with a google sheet: [Sign up sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Xnif6eCK82NXsPdpr70X4U7MQeJ-dTXeC9kqgJkqILs/edit).

If you plan to attend either add your family name and intended dish category to the above link, or send an email to [Thomas Cherry](mailto:cubmaster@cub306.org?subject=blue%20and%20gold). While you can bring anything you like (and change your mind), we are trying to give a rough idea of what others are planning and how many people are attending. Also, we do have several scouts with allergies and we would like some people to commit to bringing an allergy free item.

## Past Announcements ##
* [https://cub306.org/announcements/](https://cub306.org/announcements/)